Sender      Ludum~
PostTime    1414642441
To          All~
Subject     Roleplay~
Read        Zlorth~
Text
Members of Throng, Alliance, Dragons... Lend me your ears.

We are going through a revision here at 6 dragons in order to improve
the quality and quantity of adventure and excitement available to players.
Along with frequent riddle quests, more events, and new class/skill augmentation
We will also be heavily encouraging and supporting Role Playing of all sorts.
So choose a persona for your character, Write a description and Bio.
If I use whois on your character and I like your description and bio
then I will most likely award you a small glory prize for doing so
It's not hard to interact with other players as your character so give it a shot, 
and let's have as much fun as possible.

Ludum Dominus: Game Master.
~
End

Sender      Caelum~
PostTime    1415738953
To          All~
Subject     History of the Sky-Bound Nomad~
Read        Zlorth~
Text
Long ago, in the Terizak Forest, a small golden orb began to tremble and quake with
the thrums of ancient power. Twas a portal. A doorway. An entrance for my physical
form to enter the realms of man. Yes. It was my egg. As the first golden ray of sun
penetrated the cracks of my shell, I felt the chaotic swirling of unseen forces. My heart
was called to the heavens, while my body was firmly tethered to the natural wonders of the earth.
My fore-sires knew from that moment, that I was bound to search. They saw the spark of divinity
within me that drew me out into the world. It begs me to find it. To discover. To learn.
They call me The Nomad of the Sky becuase my nature does not allow me to stay in any one
place for a significant passing of time. They call me SunScales because as I pass overhead
the hidden hues within my scales reflect the golden light of Brother-Star, and cause rainbows
to dance on the beings below. They call me foolish because I seek a power long forgotten.
My true name is unknown even to me, for only when I ascend to a state of enlightenment, 
only when I reach the precipice of perception will that ancient wisdom be imparted unto me.
And so, to this day, I quest. If you catch of glimpse of my tell-tale golden scales, shout to
me. For I will gladly land and have a brief discussion with you of the arcane, the mystical
or the purpose of life... but alas. I cannot stay long. I must travel the skies.
~
End

